fix two typos (#673)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/app-cap-description.adoc

* If `t[MXLEN-1] == t'[MXLEN-1]` and `b[MXLEN-1] == b'[MXLEN-1]`, then it is guaranteed `t[MXLEN] == t'[MXLEN]`.
* If `t[MXLEN-1] != t'[MXLEN-1]` or `b[MXLEN-1] != b'[MXLEN-1]`, then the representable check will fail regardless of checking `t[MXLEN] == t'[MXLEN]`.

> Therefore, for the purposedof representable range checking, it is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, for the purpose of representable range checking, it is not
```
Isn't it this?
